[SRVKS-1088] Add the "Configuring burst and QPS for net-kourier" docs (#62138)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-configuring-burst-qps-for-net-kourier.adoc

The queries per second (QPS) value determines the number of client requests or API calls that are sent to the API server.

The burst value determines how many requests from the client can be stored for processing. Requests exceeding this buffer will be dropped. This is helpful for controllers that are bursty and do not spread their requests uniformly in time.

When the `net-kourier-controller` restarts, it parses all `ingress` resources deployed on the cluster, which leads to a significant number of API calls. Due to this, the `net-kourier-controller` can take a long time to start.

You can adjust the QPS and burst values for the `net-kourier-controller` in the KnativeServing CR:

.KnativeServing CR example
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operator.knative.dev/v1beta1
kind: KnativeServing
metadata:
  name: knative-serving
  namespace: knative-serving
spec:
  workloads:
  - name: net-kourier-controller
    env:
    - container: controller
      envVars:
      - name: KUBE_API_BURST
        value: "200" <1>
      - name: KUBE_API_QPS
        value: "200" <2>
----
<1> The QPS rate of communication between controller and the API Server. The default value is 200.

> <2> .. The burst capacity of communication between Kubelet and the API Server. The default value is 200.

Reviewer: Should the `..` be here? It looks out of place.

Author: Thanks Jesse, it is fixed now.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * knative-serving/kube-burst-qps-net-kourier.adoc

:_content-type: REFERENCE
[id="serverless-configuring-burst-qps-for-net-kourier_{context}"]
= Configuring burst and QPS values for net-kourier

The queries per second (QPS) value determines the number of client requests or API calls that are sent to the API server.

> The burst value determines how many requests the client can make in excess of the QPS rate. This is helpful for controllers that are bursty in nature and do not spread their requests uniformly in time.

Reviewer 2: As I read this first sentence it's not fully clear to me how "burst" works. I think we could make it more clear in this way: `The burst value determines how many requests from the client can be stored for processing. Requests exceeding this buffer will be dropped.`

> The burst value determines how many requests from the client can be stored for processing. Requests exceeding this buffer will be dropped. This is helpful for controllers that are bursty in nature and do not spread their requests uniformly in time.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The burst value determines how many requests from the client can be stored for processing. Requests exceeding this buffer will be dropped. This is helpful for controllers that are bursty and do not spread their requests uniformly in time.
```

> When the `net-kourier-controller` restarts, it parses all `ingress` resources deployed on the cluster, which leads to a significant number of API calls. Consequently, it takes a long time for `net-kourier-controller` to start.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When the `net-kourier-controller` restarts, it parses all `ingress` resources deployed on the cluster, which leads to a significant number of API calls. Due to this, the `net-kourier-controller` can take a long time to start.
```

> You can adjust the QPS and burst values for `net-kourier-controller` in the KnativeServing CR:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can adjust the QPS and burst values for the `net-kourier-controller` in the KnativeServing CR:
```

.KnativeServing CR example
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operator.knative.dev/v1beta1
kind: KnativeServing
metadata:
  name: knative-serving
  namespace: knative-serving
spec:
  workloads:
  - name: net-kourier-controller
    env:
    - container: controller
      envVars:
      - name: KUBE_API_BURST
        value: "200" <1>
      - name: KUBE_API_QPS
        value: "200" <2>
----

> +

Reviewer 3: You can see at the bottom of the [preview](https://62138--docspreview.netlify.app/openshift-serverless/latest/knative-serving/kube-burst-qps-net-kourier.html#serverless-configuring-burst-qps-for-net-kourier_kube-burst-qps-net-kourier) that the callouts are not rendering properly. I tested it locally and removing the `+` should fix the issue
```suggestion

```

<1> The QPS rate of communication between controller and the API Server. The default value is 200.

> <2> .. The burst rate of communication between Kubelet and the API Server. The default value is 200.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<2> .. The burst capacity of communication between Kubelet and the API Server. The default value is 200.
```

Reviewer 2: "burst" is technically not a "rate".
